chore: update removeAllListeners docs (#32305)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-page.md

## async method: Page.removeAllListeners
* since: v1.47
* langs: js

Removes all the listeners of the given type (or all registered listeners if no type given).
Allows to wait for async listeners to complete or to ignore subsequent errors from these listeners.

**Usage**

```js
page.on('request', async request => {
  const response = await request.response();
  const body = await response.body();
  console.log(body.byteLength);
});
await page.goto('https://playwright.dev', { waitUntil: 'domcontentloaded' });

> // Waits for all the reported 'request' events to resolve.

Reviewer: Not quite clear what `events to resolve` means, how about the following?
```suggestion
// Waits for all active 'request' event listeners to resolve.
```
